Improved dev workflow (#73)
h-be/acorn: DEVELOPERS.md

In the future, just run `npm run dev` anytime to develop.

> When you run `npm run dev` a `user-data/` directory is created and this is where holochain specific and lair keystore data is stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run `npm run dev` a `user-data/` directory is created and this is where user data including private keys, and also data generated through use of the app is stored.
```

You can run `npm run user-data-reset` if you have user data in development, but you want to clear it, and start over with fresh identities.

> > NOTE: if you see a blank screen once electron launches the app, refresh the page to see app contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: if you see a blank screen once electron launches the app, refresh the page (using View -> Reload or Cmd/Ctrl-R) to see app contents.
```
